Il comunicato congiunto rilasciato dal Presidente del Consiglio, Giorgia Meloni, dal Presidente degli Stati Uniti, Joe Biden, dal Primo Ministro britannico, Rishi Sunak, dal Presidente della Repubblica Francese, Emmanuel Macron, e dal Cancelliere tedesco, Olaf Scholz, a seguito della riunione telefonica di ieri sera dedicata all’esame della grave crisi apertasi dopo l'attacco di sabato scorso perpetrato da Hamas ai danni dello Stato di Israele.
****
Today, we — President Macron of France, Chancellor Scholz of Germany, Prime Minister Meloni of Italy, Prime Minister Sunak of the United Kingdom, and President Biden of the United States — express our steadfast and united support to the State of Israel, and our unequivocal condemnation of Hamas and its appalling acts of terrorism.
We make clear that the terrorist actions of Hamas have no justification, no legitimacy, and must be universally condemned. There is never any justification for terrorism.  In recent days, the world has watched in horror as Hamas terrorists massacred families in their homes, slaughtered over 200 young people enjoying a music festival, and kidnapped elderly women, children, and entire families, who are now being held as hostages. 
Our countries will support Israel in its efforts to defend itself and its people against such atrocities. We further emphasize that this is not a moment for any party hostile to Israel to exploit these attacks to seek advantage. 
All of us recognize the legitimate aspirations of the Palestinian people, and support equal measures of justice and freedom for Israelis and Palestinians alike. But make no mistake: Hamas does not represent those aspirations, and it offers nothing for the Palestinian people other than more terror and bloodshed.
Over the coming days, we will remain united and coordinated, together as allies, and as common friends of Israel, to ensure Israel is able to defend itself, and to ultimately set the conditions for a peaceful and integrated Middle East region.